README.md, before:


# lol-models

We currently have 178/1727 skins

## Overview

This repository aims to provide a centralized and easily accessible location for all in-game skins available for League of Legends. The skins are offered in formats compatible with custom skin applications, allowing players to enhance their gaming experience.

## Credits

All content available in this repository has been sourced from the r/LoLCustom community, with full credit given to its creators. Additionally, many skins have been contributed directly by community members. This repository is community-maintained.

## How to Use

To use a skin in-game, simply download your desired skin from this repository. You can then apply it using of the following tool:

 - [CSLOL](https://github.com/LeagueToolkit/cslol-manager)

Follow the installation instructions provided with these tools to successfully implement the skins.

## Purpose

The purpose of this project is not to undermine the custom skin scene within League of Legends. Instead, we aim to provide a solution for players who have been unable to afford skins since the introduction of Vanguard. Previously, these players relied on tools like LolSkin or R3nzSkin, which are no longer viable.

Using custom skins does not confer any competitive advantage, as they are only visible to the player utilizing them. The creator of this repository, and only him, believes that with the implementation of predatory practices in skin sales — exemplified by exclusive skins like the Faker skin, which cost as much as three months' wages in some regions — Riot has restricted access to certain content for a significant portion of its player base. We hold that gaming culture should be inclusive and accessible, not just a privilege for those who can afford it.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you would like to submit skins to this repository, please create a pull request. Ensure that your submission includes:

- The skin files in a format compatible with CSLOL or Fantome.
- Proper attribution to the original creator of the skin.

## Extracting Skins

If you know how to extract skins from the game, we encourage you to share your knowledge! Please create a pull request with the instructions so others can contribute as well.

## Disclaimer

This project is not endorsed by Riot Games and does not represent the views or opinions of Riot Games or any of its affiliates. Riot Games and all related properties are trademarks or registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc. Additionally, this repository is not affiliated with the moderators of r/LoLCustom.

Commit message:

Changed readme for instructions to download and added some scripts to gitignore

README.md, after:


# lol-models

We currently have 178/1727 skins

## Overview

This repository aims to provide a centralized and easily accessible location for all in-game skins available for League of Legends. The skins are offered in formats compatible with custom skin applications, allowing players to enhance their gaming experience.

## Downloading all skins (.fantome files)

Go to https://github.com/koobzaar/lol-skins/releases and download the most recent League of Legends Skins.7z. Extract it using 7zip/NanaZip or any other compressor that you like.

## Credits

All content available in this repository has been sourced from the r/LoLCustom community, with full credit given to its creators. Additionally, many skins have been contributed directly by community members. This repository is community-maintained.

## How to Use

To use a skin in-game, simply download your desired skin from this repository. You can then apply it using of the following tool:

 - [CSLOL](https://github.com/LeagueToolkit/cslol-manager)

Follow the installation instructions provided with these tools to successfully implement the skins.

## Purpose

The purpose of this project is not to undermine the custom skin scene within League of Legends. Instead, we aim to provide a solution for players who have been unable to afford skins since the introduction of Vanguard. Previously, these players relied on tools like LolSkin or R3nzSkin, which are no longer viable.

Using custom skins does not confer any competitive advantage, as they are only visible to the player utilizing them. The creator of this repository, and only him, believes that with the implementation of predatory practices in skin sales — exemplified by exclusive skins like the Faker skin, which cost as much as three months' wages in some regions — Riot has restricted access to certain content for a significant portion of its player base. We hold that gaming culture should be inclusive and accessible, not just a privilege for those who can afford it.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! If you would like to submit skins to this repository, please create a pull request. Ensure that your submission includes:

- The skin files in a format compatible with CSLOL or Fantome.
- Proper attribution to the original creator of the skin.

## Extracting Skins

If you know how to extract skins from the game, we encourage you to share your knowledge! Please create a pull request with the instructions so others can contribute as well.

## Disclaimer

This project is not endorsed by Riot Games and does not represent the views or opinions of Riot Games or any of its affiliates. Riot Games and all related properties are trademarks or registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc. Additionally, this repository is not affiliated with the moderators of r/LoLCustom.
